# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists
Though the site uses a very basic layout, the information is clear, concise, and organized - therefore more accessible to a wider range of people. From what I have studied and through personal experience, a lot of history is largely inaccessible to those who are not intensely focused in the field of academia, which is why people might find history to be "boring" or tedious". Therefore, I think this format could help young children and students who are starting to learn about history in a way that incorporates a visual element and is interactive. The information on the 'trading cards' could be replaced with text divided into bullet points or information in an order such as "Dates", "Important People", and "Locations", or even more simply, a photo of a person or place and a brief description. It could also have a further interactive element allowing visitors to the site to make their own 'trading card' contributions, through a seperate form.

## Question 2
#### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product?
In this assignment, I think the researcher has a responsibility to ensure all technical aspects of the project are working (insofar as they are within their reach, and not the responsibility of the students), and ensure the project is accessible to all. There is also a responsibilty to ensure any information that a participant does not want publicized is kept private, and that the participants have access to their own information to alter or remove it, if they wish to after it has been committed, as it can be viewed as a constant work in progress. 

## Question 3
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
The information needed in the application I wrote about could also be sorted into fields similarly, which might be, for example, in the case of "Important People" could include a name, date of birth, date of death, significant dates within their lives or dates of achievements, and then what their achievement was. Some limitations that might be imposed through this method of providing and organizing information would be that it is slightly restrictive, as it requires you to sort out information as what is important 'enough' to be included, and forces you to discard other pieces of information. It also largely limits you to using text, and being concise to allow the information to be displayed within a line or two. Depending on what use you have for this format, it's possible that the fields might not even make sense for one to use, if all you need is space for a few lines of information without other fields.
